{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Person with megaphone, friendly]\i0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b Feedback & Complaints Process\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs30 \i DYAR wants to hear what you think\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Tell us anything\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Big ear with sound waves]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell us when things are GOOD.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell us when things are NOT good.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell us what could be BETTER.\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b You will NOT be in trouble. Your supports will NOT stop.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 4 ways to give feedback\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 1. Phone\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 2. Email\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 3. Online form\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 dyar.com.au/feedback\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 4. Tell your worker\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your support worker will pass it on.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b You can be anonymous\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Mask icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You do NOT have to give your name.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Download the Anonymous Complaint Form from dyar.com.au/feedback.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What we do next\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 1. We say thank you within 2 business days.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 2. We look into what you said.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3. We tell you what we will do.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 4. We do it.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 5. We follow up with you.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If you're not happy with our response\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Path leading to a bigger building]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Contact:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  NDIS Commission \u8212? 1800 035 544\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  OAIC (privacy) \u8212? 1300 363 992\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  An independent advocate\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Your voice changes how we work. We mean it. Tell us.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd  \u183?  ABN 68 695 255 504  \u183?  Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017  \u183?  0470 540 306  \u183?  hello@dyar.com.au  \u183?  dyar.com.au  \u183?  Whadjuk Country  \u183?  V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}