{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: 12 principles laid out in a circle around DYAR logo]\i0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b Person-Centred Support Principles\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs30 \i DYAR's 12 promises to you\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 These 12 principles are DYAR's promises to every participant. Each one has its own Easy Read page.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 1. Person-Centred Supports\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You first. Choice and control over your services.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 2. Individual Values and Beliefs\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your culture, religion, and beliefs respected.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 3. Privacy and Dignity\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your information safe. Your body and space respected.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 4. Independence and Informed Choice\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Help to make your own choices. Be as independent as possible.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 5. Freedom from Violence, Abuse, Neglect and Exploitation\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Zero tolerance. You stay safe.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 6. Freedom of Expression\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your voice matters. We listen + take you seriously.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 7. Supported Decision Making\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Help to make decisions. Advocates + family welcome.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 8. Risk Management and Dignity of Risk\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Try new things safely. Live the life you want.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 9. Cultural Safety and Inclusion\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Safe + welcoming for everyone. Aboriginal + CaLD + LGBTIQA+.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 10. Transparent Feedback and Complaints\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Speak up. We listen. We fix things.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 11. NDIS Code of Conduct\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Workers follow rules that keep you safe.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 12. Reportable Incidents\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Serious things get reported to keep you safe.\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Click any principle to read the full Easy English version.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How DYAR delivers these\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Every worker is trained in these principles\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Every Service Agreement explains them\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Easy Read versions of all 12 are on dyar.com.au\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Multi-language versions available on request\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Lived Experience Advisory Group reviews how we deliver these every quarter\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd  \u183?  ABN 68 695 255 504  \u183?  Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017  \u183?  0470 540 306  \u183?  hello@dyar.com.au  \u183?  dyar.com.au  \u183?  Whadjuk Country  \u183?  V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}