{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Stack of forms with templates icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b EMP Templates\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs30 \i Blank templates you can use to plan ahead\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Download these templates to plan for emergencies. DYAR can help you fill them in.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 1. Personal Emergency Evacuation Plan (PEEP)\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: PEEP form icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 For anyone with mobility, communication, sensory, or other needs.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 [Download PEEP Template \u8212? PDF]\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 2. Home Evacuation Plan\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: House with arrow showing exits]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Map of your home with exit routes + meeting point.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 [Download Home Evacuation Template \u8212? PDF]\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 3. Bushfire Survival Plan (WA Bushfire-prone)\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Bushfire warning triangle]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 For participants in BAL-rated postcodes (hills + outer suburbs).\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Includes WA AFDRS check, 72-hour kit, evacuation route.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 [Download Bushfire Survival Template \u8212? PDF]\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 4. Pandemic Response Template\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Mask + sanitiser icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 What to do during a pandemic alert (COVID-19, flu, RSV).\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 [Download Pandemic Response Template \u8212? PDF]\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 5. Storm Preparation Checklist\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Storm cloud icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Power outage prep, secure outdoor items, charge devices.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 [Download Storm Prep Checklist \u8212? PDF]\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How DYAR helps\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Don't fill these alone if you'd rather not.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306 \u8212? we will sit with you + fill them together.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Easy Read + Auslan + interpreter \u8212? provided free.\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd  \u183?  ABN 68 695 255 504  \u183?  Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017  \u183?  0470 540 306  \u183?  hello@dyar.com.au  \u183?  dyar.com.au  \u183?  Whadjuk Country  \u183?  V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}