{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Question mark in a friendly speech bubble]\i0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b EMP Frequently Asked Questions\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs30 \i Answers to common questions about emergencies\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Q: What do I do if there is a fire at the DYAR office?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A: Go outside immediately. Walk \u8212? don't run. Meet at the footpath on Main Street outside La Villa Centro. Wait for DYAR to count everyone. Do NOT go back inside.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Q: What if there is a fire at my home?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A: Tell everyone to GET OUT. Close doors behind you if you can. Go to your meeting place (usually the letterbox or driveway). Call 000. Do NOT go back inside.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Q: What if I cannot leave the building by myself?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A: Your PEEP (Personal Emergency Evacuation Plan) tells DYAR exactly how to help you. Your worker will be with you. You will be safe.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Q: Who do I call in an emergency?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A: ALWAYS call 000 first if there is real danger. Then call DYAR: Mehdi on 0470 540 306. We are available day and night for urgent things.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Q: What if there is a bushfire warning?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A: Check the WA Emergency website at emergency.wa.gov.au. If the danger is HIGH or higher \u8212? leave early. DYAR will call you to make sure you are safe.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Q: What if the power goes out?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A: Use a torch \u8212? NOT candles. Call DYAR if you have equipment that needs power (oxygen, fridge for medication, hoist).\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Q: What if I'm sick \u8212? should I cancel?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A: Tell DYAR straight away. Call 0470 540 306. You will NOT be in trouble. DYAR will reschedule and check on you.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Q: What if my worker doesn't turn up?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A: Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306. We always have backup workers available.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Q: What if there is a lockdown at the building?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A: Stay inside. Lock external doors. Move to inner safe room. Wait for the all-clear from Service Manager or police.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Q: What if I need help in an earthquake?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A: DROP - COVER - HOLD. Drop to the ground, get under a sturdy table or desk, hold on. Stay clear of windows + heavy furniture.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Still have questions?\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We answer every question without judgement.\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd  \u183?  ABN 68 695 255 504  \u183?  Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017  \u183?  0470 540 306  \u183?  hello@dyar.com.au  \u183?  dyar.com.au  \u183?  Whadjuk Country  \u183?  V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}