{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Bell icon + notification banner]\i0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b Updates & Emergency Announcements\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs30 \i Important news from DYAR \u8212? and how you'll get it\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Emergency Communication Protocol \u8212? In the event of an emergency or natural disaster, this page will be immediately updated with critical information. You will also receive an urgent SMS text message and email notification outlining the situation and any necessary steps to stay safe.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How DYAR contacts you\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Phone + email + speech bubble icons]\i0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  This website page \u8212? updated immediately for emergencies\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  SMS text message \u8212? urgent only\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Email \u8212? for general updates\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Phone call \u8212? for urgent + personal matters\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your support worker \u8212? in person\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Recent Announcements\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Welcome to the New Resources Hub\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i 19 May 2026  \u183?  General\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We have updated our Resources Hub to make it easier for you to find important forms and emergency plans. Check back here for future news and updates from DYAR.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b DYAR is recruiting our Lived Experience Advisory Group\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i Coming Q3 2026  \u183?  Recruitment\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3-5 people with lived experience of disability OR family-carer experience. $150 per quarterly meeting + all access costs covered. Email hello@dyar.com.au if interested.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How to update YOUR contact details\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Person updating their profile on a phone]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If your phone number, email, or address changes \u8212? tell DYAR straight away.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Email hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Tell your support worker\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 That way you'll keep getting our SMS + email updates.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Want to receive Easy Read versions?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Easy Read icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Just ask. DYAR sends every update in Easy Read on request.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email hello@dyar.com.au with 'Easy Read please'.\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd  \u183?  ABN 68 695 255 504  \u183?  Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017  \u183?  0470 540 306  \u183?  hello@dyar.com.au  \u183?  dyar.com.au  \u183?  Whadjuk Country  \u183?  V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}