{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Two paths splitting \u8212? transparency about choices]\i0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b Conflict of Interest Statement & Service Delivery\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs30 \i DYAR's commitment to transparency about decisions that affect you\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is a conflict of interest?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person at a crossroads with arrows pointing both ways]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A conflict of interest is when DYAR could benefit from a choice that may not be the best choice for YOU.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 For example: DYAR might earn more if you use DYAR for ALL your supports \u8212? but the best choice for you might be to use DYAR for some + another provider for others.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b DYAR's promise\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Hands holding a heart with 'transparency' written above]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  ALWAYS tell you about conflicts of interest BEFORE you decide\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  ALWAYS tell you the alternatives available\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  NEVER pressure you to use DYAR for things we don't deliver well\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  ALWAYS support you to choose what's best for you\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b DYAR's current conflicts of interest\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Three numbered registers stacked]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b COI-2026-001: Mutual Support Agreement with Dot Humanity\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR's Director (Mehdi) also works at Dot Humanity \u8212? another NDIS provider.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We have a written agreement that Dot Humanity helps DYAR ONLY in an emergency (e.g., Mehdi unavailable).\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 What this means for you: in a true emergency, your supports may briefly come from Dot Humanity workers \u8212? we will tell you immediately.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b COI-2026-002: Sole-director arrangement\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Mehdi is the only person currently delivering DYAR services.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This means one person is making decisions about your supports AND providing them.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 What this means for you: an Independent Adviser is being appointed to review Mehdi's decisions quarterly. Your Lived Experience Advisory Group also reviews DYAR practice.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b COI-2026-003: Founder Capital Contribution\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Mehdi has personally loaned money to DYAR to get started.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR will repay this loan over time.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 What this means for you: NDIS money pays for your supports \u8212? not loan repayment. The loan is repaid from DYAR's profit (after wages + costs), not from your NDIS budget.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b COI-2026-004: SDA + SIL same provider (for some participants)\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Some participants live in DYAR's SDA AND get their SIL from DYAR too.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This means DYAR is both your landlord AND your support provider.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 What this means for you: you have the right to change either at any time. An independent advocate reviews these arrangements annually.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Your rights when there's a conflict\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Participant standing tall with rights listed around them]\i0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  DYAR must TELL you about the conflict in plain language\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You can ASK for more information\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You can SAY NO to any DYAR-related option without losing supports\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You can ASK for an independent advocate\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You can COMPLAIN to the NDIS Commission (1800 035 544)\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Where to find the full COI Register\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR's full COI Register is filed in our governance system (Centro Assist). Auditors and your advocate can review it on request.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Approved by: Mehdi Dabire \u8212? Director, DYAR Pty Ltd\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Date: 19 May 2026\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Next review: 19 August 2026 (quarterly)\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd  \u183?  ABN 68 695 255 504  \u183?  Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017  \u183?  0470 540 306  \u183?  hello@dyar.com.au  \u183?  dyar.com.au  \u183?  Whadjuk Country  \u183?  V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}