{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Speech bubble with checkmark next to a recovered building]\i0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b EMP Feedback Form\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs30 \i Tell us what worked + what didn't after an emergency or drill\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 After every emergency or drill, DYAR asks for your feedback. Your feedback helps us do better next time.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 1. About the event\b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Date of event:\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Type of event:\b0  \u9744? Fire   \u9744? Lockdown   \u9744? Bushfire   \u9744? Storm   \u9744? Medical   \u9744? Power outage   \u9744? Pandemic   \u9744? Drill   \u9744? Other\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Where the event happened:\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b How long it lasted:\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 2. About you\b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Your name (optional \u8212? you can be anonymous):\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Your DYAR Participant ID (optional):\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Best way to contact you:\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 3. What worked well?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Thumbs up with sparkles]\i0\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Was your worker there to help you?:\b0  \u9744? Yes   \u9744? No   \u9744? Not applicable\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Did the DYAR plan match what actually happened?:\b0  \u9744? Yes   \u9744? Mostly   \u9744? Not at all\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b What worked well during the event?:\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b :\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b :\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 4. What didn't work well?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Thinking face \u8212? improvement]\i0\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b What was confusing?:\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b What was scary?:\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b What was missing?:\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Did anyone get hurt?:\b0  \u9744? No   \u9744? Yes (please tell us)\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 5. What should DYAR do differently?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Light bulb with idea]\i0\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b :\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b :\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b :\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 6. Did you feel safe?\b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Overall, did you feel safe during the event?:\b0  \u9744? Yes   \u9744? Mostly   \u9744? Sometimes   \u9744? No\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b If you didn't feel safe \u8212? what would have helped?:\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 7. Anything else\b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs28 \b Anything else you want to tell us:\b0  _________________________________________________\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How to submit\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Four ways: email, post, phone, in person]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Choose any of these:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Email to hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Post to PO Box 8052, East Subiaco WA 6008\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306 \u8212? we can fill it in over the phone\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Hand to any DYAR worker\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Submit via the DYAR website form (dyar.com.au/feedback)\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What DYAR does with your feedback\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Path leading to a CIR register + improved plan]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 1. We thank you within 2 business days.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 2. We review with the Director + (when active) the Lived Experience Advisory Group.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3. We update our Emergency Management Plan if needed.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 4. We log it in our Continuous Improvement Register.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 5. We tell you what we changed.\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Your feedback after an emergency makes everyone safer next time. Thank you.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd  \u183?  ABN 68 695 255 504  \u183?  Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017  \u183?  0470 540 306  \u183?  hello@dyar.com.au  \u183?  dyar.com.au  \u183?  Whadjuk Country  \u183?  V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}