{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs22 \pard\sa200\fs36 \b Join DYAR's Lived Experience Advisory Group\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs24 \i Paid advisory role  \u183?  4 meetings a year  \u183?  All access costs covered\i0\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b What is this?\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 DYAR is a new NDIS service provider in Osborne Park. We're setting up an Advisory Group of people who have lived experience of disability (or who have cared for a family member with disability). The Group meets four times a year to advise DYAR on how to be accessible, person-centred, and continuously improving.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 We are recruiting 3 to 5 Members. At least 60% of Members must have lived experience of disability themselves.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b What do Members do?\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Come to 4 meetings a year (about 2 hours each, online or in-person at our Osborne Park office \u8212? your choice).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Read short papers before each meeting (we send them at least 5 business days ahead, in your preferred format).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Share your perspective and ideas on how DYAR can improve.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Help us co-design new forms, policies, and Easy-Read versions of our documents.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Tell us when something isn't working from a participant's perspective.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Hold us accountable \u8212? we have to respond in writing within 30 days to every recommendation.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b What's in it for you?\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  $150 per meeting, paid within 7 business days.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  All your transport reimbursed (taxi, specialised transport, etc.).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Auslan interpreter, plain-language facilitator, support-person, Easy-Read papers \u8212? whatever you need, provided at no cost to you.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Your voice shaping a brand-new NDIS provider from day one.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  A certificate of contribution at the end of each term.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Quarterly company updates so you know what's happening at DYAR.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  If you want, public acknowledgement on our website.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b Who are we looking for?\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  People with lived experience of disability \u8212? past or present NDIS participants, or people who self-identify.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Family carers of people with disability.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Support workers with disability who want to contribute beyond their direct service role.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Community elders, particularly Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander elders.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 We're looking for diversity \u8212? different ages, cultural backgrounds, disability types, gender, and where you live. We are NOT looking for formal qualifications. We are looking for your perspective.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b Term + time\b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Term:\b0  12 months, renewable up to 3 years total\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Time commitment:\b0  Approximately 12-15 hours per year\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Meeting cadence:\b0  Quarterly (March, June, September, December)\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Format:\b0  Hybrid \u8212? Zoom or DYAR office, your choice each meeting\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Start:\b0  First meeting: September 2026\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b How to express your interest\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 There is NO formal application process. Choose whichever works for you:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Email hello@dyar.com.au \u8212? tell us a bit about yourself in any format (written, voice recording, video).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Call us on 0470 540 306 and we'll have a chat.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Have your support coordinator, family member, or advocate contact us on your behalf.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Visit dyar.com.au/leag and use the Expression of Interest form.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 What we'll ask: your name, the best way to reach you, a sentence or two about what lived experience you bring (or your family's experience), and what you'd like to contribute. That's it.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b What happens next?\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  We acknowledge your Expression of Interest within 2 business days.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  We have a 30-minute conversation with you in your preferred format (in-person, Zoom, phone, with or without a support-person).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  If we'd like to invite you on, we send a confirmation letter, the Charter, the Confidentiality Agreement, and pre-meeting materials.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Your first meeting is within 60 days of confirmation.\par
\pard\sa120\fs24 \b Equal opportunity + accessibility\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 DYAR is an Equal Opportunity employer. We strongly encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, people with disability, LGBTIQA+ people, people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds, and people of all ages. Lived experience of disability is highly valued across every role.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 If you need any adjustment to apply (e.g., interview in Auslan, voice-recorded application, Easy-Read job pack, longer interview time, support-person at interview), please tell us and we will make it happen. No reason needed.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b About DYAR\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 DYAR Pty Ltd is a small NDIS provider in Osborne Park, WA (Whadjuk Country). We're new \u8212? completing Initial Certification audit with the NDIS Quality and Safeguards Commission. ABN 68 695 255 504. We work in homes, community settings, and our office at Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 Director and current Service Manager: Mehdi Dabire. Voluntary $0 engagement during establishment (per Director's Resolution DR-2026-001). Independent Adviser appointment in progress. Mutual Support Agreement with Dot Humanity Pty Ltd for continuity.\par
\pard\sa240\fs20\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa160\fs20 \i DYAR Pty Ltd  \u183?  ABN 68 695 255 504  \u183?  Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017  \u183?  0470 540 306  \u183?  hello@dyar.com.au  \u183?  dyar.com.au  \u183?  Whadjuk Country  \u183?  Job Ad V1 \u8212? 19 May 2026\i0\par
}