{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs22 \pard\sa200\fs36 \b DYAR Lived Experience Advisory Group \u8212? Chair\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs24 \i Elected from Members  \u183?  $200 per meeting + $100 preparation time\i0\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b This role only becomes available AFTER Members are appointed\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 DYAR's Lived Experience Advisory Group Chair is elected from the Members by majority vote at the first meeting of each year. We are currently recruiting Members (see the Member advertisement). Once Members are appointed, this role opens for nomination.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 If you'd like to be considered for the Chair role, first apply to be a Member (see the Member advertisement) and indicate your interest in chairing in your Expression of Interest.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b Who is this role for?\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 A Member of the Lived Experience Advisory Group who has chairing experience (community group, peer-support, board) OR who is willing to learn chair skills with our support. The Chair cannot be the Director.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b What does the Chair do (in addition to Member duties)?\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Co-designs the agenda with the Director.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Runs the quarterly meetings \u8212? welcomes everyone, manages time, ensures every voice is heard.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Submits minutes + recommendations to the Director within 10 business days.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Tracks the Director's responses and follows up if responses are overdue.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Leads the annual report to the Director and Independent Adviser.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Mentors new Members.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b What's in it for you?\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  $200 per meeting ($150 Member fee + $50 Chair loading).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Plus $100 per meeting for preparation time (~3 hours).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  DYAR pays for external chair-skills training (one-off, $500 budget, within 60 days of election).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  All Member benefits: transport reimbursed, Auslan / interpreter / Easy-Read provided, certificate of contribution.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Real influence on a brand-new NDIS provider.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b Term\b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Term:\b0  12 months. Re-electable annually up to 3 years total LEAG service.\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Time commitment:\b0  Approximately 20-25 hours per year\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Election:\b0  By majority of Members at the first meeting of each year\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Start:\b0  After first LEAG meeting (target September 2026)\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b How to express your interest\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 If you'd like to be considered for the Chair role:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Apply to be a LEAG Member first (see Member ad).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Mention your interest in chairing in your Expression of Interest.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  If you're appointed as a Member, you'll have the chance to nominate for Chair at the first meeting.\par
\pard\sa120\fs24 \b Equal opportunity + accessibility\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 DYAR is an Equal Opportunity employer. We strongly encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, people with disability, LGBTIQA+ people, people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds, and people of all ages. Lived experience of disability is highly valued across every role.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 If you need any adjustment to apply (e.g., interview in Auslan, voice-recorded application, Easy-Read job pack, longer interview time, support-person at interview), please tell us and we will make it happen. No reason needed.\par
\pard\sa240\fs20\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa160\fs20 \i DYAR Pty Ltd  \u183?  ABN 68 695 255 504  \u183?  0470 540 306  \u183?  hello@dyar.com.au  \u183?  dyar.com.au  \u183?  Job Ad V1 \u8212? 19 May 2026\i0\par
}