{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs22 \pard\sa200\fs36 \b DYAR \u8212? Support Worker\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs24 \i Core Support \u183? Community Access \u183? Transport\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs22 \b FUTURE ROLE  \u183?  This advertisement shows where DYAR will recruit for this position as the organisation grows. Please register your interest now \u8212? we will contact you when the role goes live.\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b About DYAR\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 DYAR Pty Ltd is a new NDIS service provider based in Osborne Park, Western Australia. We are an Australian Proprietary Company (ABN 68 695 255 504, ACN 641 958 401) currently completing Initial Certification audit with the NDIS Quality and Safeguards Commission (HDAA, May 2026).\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 DYAR is small, person-centred, and trauma-informed. Our governance model includes a Lived Experience Advisory Group (a paid advisory panel of people with lived experience of disability), an Independent Adviser, and an external accountant + insurance broker. We work on Whadjuk Country.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 DYAR services span Core Support, Community Access, Transport, Consumables, Specialist Support Coordination, Psychosocial Recovery Coach, Specialist Behaviour Support, Therapeutic Supports (OT + Counselling + Psychology), and Specialist Disability Accommodation. We deliver in homes, community settings, and our office on Whadjuk Country.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b About the role\b0\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Employment type:\b0  Casual / part-time\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Pay rate:\b0  SCHADS Award Level 2-3 + 25% casual loading + NDIS penalty rates\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Location:\b0  Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017 + participant locations across Perth metro\par
\pard\sa120\fs22 \b Probation:\b0  6 months \u8212? quarterly check-in at month 3 + Performance Review at month 6\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b What you'll do\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Deliver Core Support, Community Access, and Transport to NDIS participants in their homes and the community.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Personal care, mealtime support, medication prompts, community activities, transport, and household assistance.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Person-centred practice \u8212? every participant's goals lead the support plan.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Splose + Centro Assist record-keeping at every shift.\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b What you need\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  NDIS Worker Screening Check (current \u8212? 5-year cycle)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Working with Children Check (3-year cycle)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  First Aid + CPR (HLTAID011/009, current)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Driver licence (for Community Access + Transport)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Capacity for trauma-informed and person-centred practice\par
\pard\sa160\fs28 \b What DYAR offers\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Person-centred, trauma-informed culture from the ground up.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Splose-based rostering with realistic shift lengths.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Centro Assist worker compliance dashboard \u8212? no surprises on training expiry.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Professional Indemnity covered by DYAR (BizCover / Vero $10M) for eligible roles.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Workers Compensation via WorkCover WA on first PAYG hire.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Quarterly Wellbeing Pulse Survey + access to EAP.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Annual Performance Review aligned to NDIS Workforce Capability Framework.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Mandatory training paid for by DYAR; refresher schedule tracked in Centro Assist.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa80\fs22 \bullet  Lived Experience Advisory Group shaping DYAR's worker experience \u8212? your input is valued.\par
\pard\sa120\fs24 \b Equal opportunity + accessibility\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 DYAR is an Equal Opportunity employer. We strongly encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, people with disability, LGBTIQA+ people, people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds, and people of all ages. Lived experience of disability is highly valued across every role.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 If you need any adjustment to apply (e.g., interview in Auslan, voice-recorded application, Easy-Read job pack, longer interview time, support-person at interview), please tell us and we will make it happen. No reason needed.\par
\pard\sa120\fs24 \b How to apply\b0\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 Email your CV and a short cover note (max 1 page or 5 minutes of voice recording) to hello@dyar.com.au. Tell us why this role interests you. We don't need a formal cover letter.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 Or apply through DYAR's website careers page at dyar.com.au/careers.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 Or call 0470 540 306 if you'd prefer to talk first.\par
\pard\sa160\fs22 DYAR will acknowledge every application within 2 business days and let you know the next steps.\par
\pard\sa240\fs20\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa160\fs20 \i DYAR Pty Ltd  \u183?  ABN 68 695 255 504  \u183?  Unit 1, 136 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017  \u183?  0470 540 306  \u183?  hello@dyar.com.au  \u183?  dyar.com.au  \u183?  Whadjuk Country  \u183?  Future Role Ad V1 \u8212? 19 May 2026\i0\par
}