{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa280\fs44 \b Speak Up\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs32 \i How to tell DYAR what you think\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Person speaking into a megaphone with a speech bubble \u8212? bright and friendly]\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b DYAR wants to hear from you\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Ear icon with sound waves coming in]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell us when things are GOOD.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell us when things are NOT good.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell us what could be BETTER.\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b It is OK to speak up. You will NOT get in trouble. Your supports will NOT stop.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 4 ways to speak up to DYAR\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Four icons in a row: phone, envelope (email), pen + paper, person-to-person speech bubble]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 1. Phone\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Phone icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi on 0470 540 306.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Mehdi is the Director of DYAR.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 2. Email\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Envelope icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Send an email to hello@dyar.com.au.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 3. Letter or form\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Pen and paper icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Write or draw what you want to say.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Use our feedback form on the website.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or post it to: PO Box 8052, East Subiaco WA 6008.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 4. Talk to your worker\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Two people sitting together, one talking, one listening with caring expression]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell your support worker what you want to say.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 They will pass it on.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Ask someone to help\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Three people holding hands \u8212? a participant, a family member, and an advocate]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can ask:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Family or friends\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  An advocate (see our Advocacy Flyer)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your support worker\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Someone you trust\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What happens next\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Numbered step-by-step path with footprints \u8212? 1, 2, 3, 4]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 1. DYAR says thank you within 2 days.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 2. DYAR looks at what you said.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3. DYAR tells you what we will do.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 4. DYAR keeps you in the loop.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If you are not happy with DYAR's response\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person taking a complaint outside of one building to another (the NDIS Commission)]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can talk to:\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b NDIS Quality and Safeguards Commission\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone: 1800 035 544\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: ndiscommission.gov.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 They keep an eye on all NDIS providers like DYAR.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Or an advocate\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 See our Advocacy Flyer for free advocacy services.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b You can be ANONYMOUS\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Mask icon \u8212? meaning private, no name needed]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You do NOT need to give your name.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can use our Anonymous Complaint Form.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Download from dyar.com.au/feedback.\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V2 19 May 2026\i0\par
}