{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa280\fs44 \b Staying safe from COVID-19\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Friendly cartoon COVID virus next to a person wearing a mask, with a hand-sanitiser bottle]\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is COVID-19?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Microscope view of the COVID virus \u8212? round with spikes]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 COVID-19 is an illness.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You catch it from other people.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 It spreads through coughs and sneezes.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How to stay safe\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: 4 icons: washing hands, wearing a mask, keeping distance, getting vaccinated]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 1. Wash your hands\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Soap + water + tap icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Wash with soap for 20 seconds.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Wash before you eat.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Wash when you come home.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 2. Wear a mask if you are sick\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Face mask icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Cover your mouth and nose.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Stay home if you feel sick.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 3. Keep distance\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Two people with a 1.5 metre arrow between them]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Stay 1.5 metres from people you don't live with.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Especially indoors.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 4. Get vaccinated\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Syringe / vaccine icon with a band-aid]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Vaccines protect you.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 They are free.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Talk to your doctor.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If you feel sick\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person with thermometer in mouth + tissue]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Stay home.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call your doctor.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Get a test \u8212? RAT or PCR.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell DYAR \u8212? call 0470 540 306.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If you test positive\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: RAT test showing two lines + positive sign]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Stay home for 5 to 7 days.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Rest and drink water.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Take medicine if your doctor says so.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell DYAR straight away.\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Tell DYAR if you feel sick. DYAR will look after you. DYAR will not be cross.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What DYAR does to keep you safe\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Support worker washing hands + wearing a mask + cleaning surfaces]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR workers:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Wash their hands often\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Wear a mask when needed\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Stay home if they feel sick\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Clean equipment between visits\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b When DYAR will reschedule\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Calendar with one date crossed out and another circled \u8212? meaning rescheduled]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR will reschedule if:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You are sick\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your worker is sick\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Someone in the house is sick\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Important numbers\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Phone with contact list]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR \u8212? Mehdi \u8212? 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 HealthDirect \u8212? 1800 022 222\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 WA Health \u8212? 13 COVID (13 26 843)\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your doctor \u8212? write here: ____________________\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V2 19 May 2026\i0\par
}