{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa280\fs44 \b Thriving Kids \u8212? what's changing\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Smiling group of children with disabilities playing \u8212? a calendar showing October 2026 + January 2028 highlighted]\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is Thriving Kids?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Sunflower / growing-up symbol \u8212? a small plant turning into a tall flower]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Thriving Kids is a new way the government helps young children with disability.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 It is also called Foundational Supports.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 It is for kids from 0 to 8 years old.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 It is for kids with low to moderate needs.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b When does it start?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Calendar with two dates circled: 1 October 2026 + 1 January 2028]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 It starts on 1 October 2026.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 It will be fully running by 1 January 2028.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Who is it for?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Child icon (age 5) with arrows pointing to: speech therapy, OT, group activities]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Children who:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Are 0 to 8 years old\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Have low to moderate needs\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Need help with talking, moving, or learning\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Need help getting ready for school\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Will my child still get NDIS?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Two paths splitting \u8212? one labelled NDIS, one labelled Thriving Kids \u8212? caring parent looking at both]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Some children will go to Thriving Kids.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Some children will stay on NDIS.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Children with HIGH needs will stay on NDIS.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Children with LOW or MODERATE needs may move to Thriving Kids.\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Nothing changes for your child today. The change starts October 2026.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is DYAR doing?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: DYAR worker reading a roadmap with stars on it \u8212? preparing]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR is getting ready.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will keep helping your child with NDIS.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will be ready for Thriving Kids too.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will talk to you well before any change.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What do I need to do now?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Checklist with 3 ticks]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 1. Keep using your child's NDIS supports.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 2. Ask us questions.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3. Tell DYAR if your child's needs change.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Where to find more information\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Computer + phone + brochure \u8212? multiple ways to get information]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 NDIS website: ndis.gov.au/thriving-kids\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Foundational Supports info: dss.gov.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or call DYAR: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b You are not alone\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Family holding hands with their child + DYAR worker walking alongside]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR will walk with you through every change.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Ask anything. We are here to help.\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}