{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa280\fs44 \b Join the DYAR Advisory Group\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs32 \i People with disability shaping DYAR\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Diverse group of people with disability sitting around a table, smiling, with speech bubbles]\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is this?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: DYAR logo with a circle of supportive people around it]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR is starting an Advisory Group.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3 to 5 people will join.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 They will help DYAR get better.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Who can join?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Four people of different ages, abilities, and cultural backgrounds smiling together]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 YOU \u8212? if you have lived experience of disability.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your family member \u8212? if they care for someone with disability.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You do NOT need a degree.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You do NOT need to be an expert.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b You just need to bring your experience.\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What do members do?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Four meeting scenes \u8212? one per quarter (Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec)]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Come to 4 meetings a year.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Each meeting is 2 hours.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Online or in our office in Osborne Park.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell DYAR what we are doing well.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell DYAR what we could do better.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Help DYAR check our forms and policies.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What do you get?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Dollar bills + taxi + Auslan interpreter + Easy Read papers + certificate]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 $150 for each meeting.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR pays for your transport.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR pays for an Auslan interpreter if you need one.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR pays for someone to come with you if you want.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR will give papers in Easy Read.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Certificate at the end of your term.\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Your voice changes how DYAR works.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How to join\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Four icons: email, phone, advocate, web form]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Email hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Ask your support coordinator or advocate to call us\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use the form on dyar.com.au/leag\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What to tell us\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Speech bubble with simple list]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Just tell us:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your name\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  The best way to talk to you\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  A bit about you\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  What you want to share with DYAR\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can record it as a voice message or video. No writing needed.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What happens next?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Path with 4 footstep marks numbered 1-2-3-4]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 1. DYAR says hello within 2 days.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 2. We have a 30-minute chat \u8212? your way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3. We say yes or thank-you.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 4. First meeting in September 2026.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Everyone is welcome\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Wheelchair, Aboriginal flag, rainbow flag, hijab, hearing aid \u8212? circle of diversity]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR welcomes all people.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 People from any cultural background.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 LGBTIQA+ people.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 People of any age.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 People with any disability.\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}