{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa280\fs44 \b Who can speak up for you\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Friendly group of diverse people with disability and an advocate standing together, smiling, holding speech bubbles]\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is an advocate?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Cartoon person with one hand on their chest and the other reaching up \u8212? speaking confidently]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 An advocate is a person who stands next to you.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 They listen to what you want.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 They help you say what you want.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Advocates do NOT work for DYAR\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Two separate buildings with a person walking between them \u8212? showing independence]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Advocates are independent.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 They can help you, even if you have a problem with DYAR.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Advocates are FREE\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Dollar sign with a red cross through it \u8212? meaning free / no cost]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You do NOT need to pay anything.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can call them yourself.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or DYAR can help you make the call.\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b WA Advocacy Services\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Map of Western Australia with location pins]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b People With Disabilities WA (PWdWA)\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Phone icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone: (08) 9485 8900\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Free call: 1800 193 331\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: info@pwdwa.org\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: pwdwa.org\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Best for: All people with disability in WA.\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b MIDLAS\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 (Midland Information, Debt and Legal Advocacy Service)\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone: (08) 9250 2123\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: midlas.org.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Address: 12 Brockman Road, Midland WA 6056\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Best for: People in east and north-east Perth.\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Developmental Disability WA (DDWA)\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Two people holding hands in a supportive way]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone: (08) 9420 7230\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: ddwa.org.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Best for: People with intellectual disability and their families.\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Ethnic Disability Advocacy Centre (EDAC)\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Earth globe with people of different colours around it]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone: (08) 9388 7455\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: edac.org.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Best for: People from culturally and linguistically diverse (CaLD) backgrounds.\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b First Peoples Disability Network (FPDN)\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Aboriginal flag colours (black, red, yellow) in a circle]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone: 1800 88 7766\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: fpdn.org.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Best for: Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Mental Health Law Centre (MHLC)\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Brain icon with a heart inside]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone: 1800 620 285\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: mhlcwa.org.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Best for: Free legal advice for mental health matters.\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How DYAR can help\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: DYAR staff member sitting next to a participant, helping them make a phone call]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can ask DYAR to:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Find the right advocate for you.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Make the first phone call with you.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Translate or help with reading.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use Auslan or another language.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Contact DYAR\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (a stylised D)]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V2 19 May 2026\i0\par
}