{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa280\fs44 \b What is an Incident?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Person with a worried face next to a clipboard \u8212? represents reporting an incident]\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b An incident is when something bad happens\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Three icons: someone falling (injury), broken plate (damage), worried face (upset)]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 An incident can be:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Someone gets hurt\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Someone is unsafe\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Something gets broken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Someone is treated badly\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  A rule was not followed\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b DYAR wants to know about ALL incidents. Even small ones.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Why DYAR wants to know\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Light bulb above a person's head \u8212? getting an idea]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 So DYAR can help you feel better.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 So DYAR can stop it happening again.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 So DYAR can learn and do better.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How to tell DYAR\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: 4 ways: phone, email, paper form, in person]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Choose what works for you:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Tell your support worker\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Write on our Incident Report form\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Some incidents are very serious\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Red exclamation mark in a triangle \u8212? warning sign]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 These are called REPORTABLE INCIDENTS.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 They include:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Serious injury\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Abuse or neglect\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Sexual misconduct\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Death\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use of a restrictive practice without permission\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b DYAR will tell the NDIS Commission about reportable incidents.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What DYAR will do\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Step-by-step numbered list with caring person walking through it]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 1. Make sure you are safe.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 2. Listen to what happened.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3. Help you if you are hurt.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 4. Write down what happened.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 5. Work out what to do next.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 6. Tell you what we have done.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 7. Check it does NOT happen again.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b You are safe to speak up\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person standing tall with sun behind them \u8212? safety + protection]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You will NOT get in trouble.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your supports will NOT stop.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR will help you feel okay again.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b You can have someone with you\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Two people standing together \u8212? participant + supporter]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can have:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Family or friends\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  An advocate\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  A support worker\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Anyone you trust\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If you don't want to use your name\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Mask icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 That is OK. You can be anonymous.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Use our Anonymous Complaint Form.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Download at dyar.com.au/feedback.\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V2 19 May 2026\i0\par
}