{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa280\fs44 \b What to do in an Emergency\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: Bright red exit sign with a person running towards it]\i0\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If you are in danger \u8212? call 000\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Big red 000 numbers with a phone icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 000 is for:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Police\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Ambulance\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Fire\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Call 000 if anyone is hurt, in danger, or there is a fire.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If there is a FIRE\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Flame icon with arrow showing the way to safety]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 1. Tell everyone to GET OUT.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 2. Close doors behind you if you can.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3. Go to the meeting place outside.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 4. Call 000.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 5. Do NOT go back inside.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b DYAR meeting points\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Map showing the office building (La Villa Centro) with a green meeting-point flag on Main Street footpath]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b At DYAR Office\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Meeting place: Main Street footpath outside La Villa Centro.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b At your home\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your worker will agree a meeting place with you.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 It is usually the letterbox or driveway.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If there is a MEDICAL emergency\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Red cross / first-aid kit icon next to a person on the ground]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Stay calm.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call 000 and ask for an ambulance.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell them the address.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Stay with the person until help comes.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If there is a BUSHFIRE warning\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Fire-danger sign with the levels Low / Moderate / High / Extreme / Catastrophic]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Check the WA Emergency website: emergency.wa.gov.au.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If the danger is HIGH or higher \u8212? leave early.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR will call you to check you are safe.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If there is a BIG STORM\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Storm cloud with lightning and rain]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Stay inside.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Stay away from windows.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Have a torch and a phone charged.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If the POWER goes out\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Power outlet with a red cross + a torch icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Use a torch \u8212? NOT candles.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone Mehdi: 0470 540 306.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you have equipment that needs power \u8212? call us straight away.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b DYAR is here to help\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Friendly support worker with phone in one hand and reaching out with the other]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 In any emergency, you can call DYAR.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Phone Mehdi: 0470 540 306.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We answer day and night for urgent things.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Important numbers\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Phone book / contact list icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Police, Fire, Ambulance \u8212? 000\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Police (non-emergency) \u8212? 131 444\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Mental Health Emergency Response Line \u8212? 1300 555 788\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Lifeline (sad or scared) \u8212? 13 11 14\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Poisons Information \u8212? 13 11 26\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR \u8212? Mehdi \u8212? 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V2 19 May 2026\i0\par
}