{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in deep blue to royal purple matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 1\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 1. Person-Centred Supports\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i We will always put you first. You have the choice and control over the services you receive.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What does Person-Centred mean?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person standing in the middle with a circle of arrows pointing inward \u8212? they are the centre]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 YOU are at the centre of everything DYAR does.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We start with what YOU want.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We listen to what is important to YOU.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your goals lead the way. Not ours.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Choice and control\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Two paths splitting, with a person confidently choosing one \u8212? bright and empowering]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 YOU choose:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  What support you want\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  When you want it\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Where it happens\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Who supports you\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  How it is delivered\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How DYAR keeps this promise\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Support worker and participant sitting side-by-side as equals, looking at a plan together]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Ask you about YOUR goals \u8212? every time\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Give you choices, not orders\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Change our plan if you change your mind\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Match you with workers you like\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use the words and language you prefer\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Check in with you often \u8212? is this still right?\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b If a worker tells you what to do \u8212? that is NOT person-centred. Tell us.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What you can do\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Hand raised in a friendly questioning gesture \u8212? speech bubble overhead]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 It is OK to say:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  I want something different\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  I do not like this\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  I changed my mind\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  I want to try something new\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  I want a different worker\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You will NOT get in trouble for speaking up.\par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}