{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in vibrant violet to deep magenta matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 2\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 2. Individual Values and Beliefs\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i We respect your culture, religion, and beliefs. We will make sure our services reflect what is important to you.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Your culture matters\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Circle of people from different cultures \u8212? Aboriginal, Asian, African, European, LGBTQIA+, holding hands]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Every person has a culture.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Every person has beliefs.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Every person has things that matter to them.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR respects all of these.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What we ask you about\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Speech bubble with cultural symbols \u8212? prayer hands, food, music notes, family]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 When you join DYAR we ask:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  What is your background?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  What language do you speak?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  What is your religion or faith?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  What food do you eat? (Halal, Kosher, Vegetarian, etc.)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  What are your important days?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  What is your gender identity?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  What pronouns do you use?\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You only share what you want to share.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How DYAR honours your culture\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Support worker respectfully listening to participant of different cultural background, with caring smile]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Match you with workers who understand your culture (where possible)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use interpreters in your language \u8212? for free\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Respect your prayer times, fasting, and Sabbath\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Make sure food meets your dietary needs\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Celebrate days that matter to you\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Never make you do anything against your beliefs\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Aboriginal + Torres Strait Islander participants\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Aboriginal flag colours (black, red, yellow) in a circle, with the Whadjuk Country acknowledgement]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR works on Whadjuk Country.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We acknowledge the Traditional Custodians.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We follow our DYAR Practice Guide \u8212? Working with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Participants.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b LGBTIQA+ participants\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Rainbow flag with diverse people standing together proudly]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR welcomes you.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your gender + sexuality + relationships are safe with us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We use the pronouns and the name YOU choose.\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b If something at DYAR does NOT respect your culture or beliefs \u8212? please tell us. We will fix it.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}