{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in teal-green to emerald matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 3\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 3. Privacy and Dignity\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i We will always protect your privacy. We will keep your information safe. We will treat you with dignity and respect.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is privacy?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Padlock on a door with a friendly face \u8212? keeping things safe]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Privacy means:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your information is kept safe\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Only the right people can see it\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  No one talks about you behind your back\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your space and body are respected\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Where DYAR keeps your information\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Australia map with secure cloud icons connected to it \u8212? meaning Australian data storage]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your information is kept in:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Splose (case management \u8212? Australian data centre)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Centro Assist (compliance \u8212? Australian data centre)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Microsoft 365 (email + documents \u8212? Microsoft Australian data centres)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  A locked filing cabinet at our office (any paper records)\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your information is NOT sent overseas.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Who can see your information\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Small group of named people: Service Manager + your workers + your accountant (only for billing) \u8212? circle of trust]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Only:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Mehdi (Service Manager)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your DYAR workers \u8212? only what they need\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your family or advocate IF you say yes\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Government bodies \u8212? only when the law says so\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Anyone else? Only if YOU give permission.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is dignity?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person standing tall and proud with the sun behind them \u8212? feeling respected]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Dignity means being treated like a person who matters.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR workers will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Knock before entering your space\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Speak to you, not over you\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Cover and protect your body during personal care\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Listen when you say no\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use the name and pronouns YOU choose\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Never make fun of you\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Never share your story without permission\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Your rights about your information\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person holding up a clipboard with rights listed \u8212? checkboxes]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  ASK to see what we know about you\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  ASK us to fix anything wrong\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  WITHDRAW your permission any time\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  COMPLAIN if your privacy is broken\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b If you feel your privacy or dignity was NOT respected \u8212? tell us. We take this seriously.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}