{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in warm orange to coral matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 4\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 4. Independence and Informed Choice\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i We will help you make your own choices about your care. We will support you to be as independent as possible.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Independence means doing things YOUR way\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person walking forward confidently, support worker stepping back \u8212? letting them lead]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR is here to support \u8212? not to take over.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We help you do things by yourself.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We do for you only what you cannot do alone.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Informed choice\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Brain with multiple pathway icons \u8212? thinking through options]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Informed choice means:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You know what your options are\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You know what each option will look like\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You know the good things AND the risks\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You decide \u8212? not us\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How DYAR helps you choose\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Support worker showing 3 options on a clipboard, participant pointing at one]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Explain things in simple words\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Show you pictures or Easy Read papers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Give you time to think\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Let you talk to family, an advocate, or your doctor\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Repeat anything you do not understand\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use an interpreter \u8212? in any language\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Building your skills\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Step-by-step path of footprints climbing up \u8212? growing skills]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR helps you learn:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  How to make a cup of tea\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  How to catch the bus\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  How to manage your money\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  How to live in your own home\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  How to make friends\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  How to look after your health\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Anything else you want to learn\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Your right to say NO\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Stop-hand gesture with red 'NO' sign \u8212? friendly empowering]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can say NO to anything you don't want.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Even if your worker thinks it's a good idea.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your NO is RESPECTED.\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b You are the boss of your own life. DYAR is here to support \u8212? not to decide for you.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}