{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in bright blue to azure matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 6\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 6. Freedom of Expression\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i We will listen to you. You have the right to share your thoughts. We will always take your views seriously.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Your voice matters\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person speaking with a big speech bubble \u8212? confident, heard, valued]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You have the RIGHT to say what you think.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You have the RIGHT to ask questions.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You have the RIGHT to disagree.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You have the RIGHT to be heard.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Ways you can express yourself\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Four icons in a circle: speaking, drawing, signing (Auslan), pointing at pictures]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR welcomes all the ways you communicate:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Talking\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Writing\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Drawing\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Auslan or other sign language\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Pointing at pictures or PECS\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Using a communication device\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Showing us through your face or body\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Any way that works for YOU\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How DYAR listens\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Big friendly ear with sound waves coming in \u8212? active listening]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Give you time to speak\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Look at you when you talk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Repeat back what we heard\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Ask you 'did I understand?'\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Never finish your sentences for you\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Never speak FOR you when you can speak for yourself\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Sharing what matters to you\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Heart with a megaphone \u8212? sharing what's important]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can share with DYAR:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your goals + dreams\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your worries + fears\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your opinions about your supports\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Ideas for how we can do better\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  What you like \u8212? and what you don't\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If you can't speak in person\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Phone + envelope + tablet \u8212? multiple ways to reach DYAR]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can also:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Email hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Call 0470 540 306\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use the feedback form on dyar.com.au\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Ask a family member or advocate to share for you\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b We take your views SERIOUSLY. We do NOT brush them off.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}