{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in fresh green to lime matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 7\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 7. Supported Decision Making\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i We will help you make decisions that affect your life. If you need support from an advocate or family member, we will include them.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Decisions are yours\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person at a crossroads with multiple paths \u8212? they're choosing, supporters standing beside them]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Big decisions in your life are YOURS.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR helps you make them \u8212? not for you.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is supported decision-making?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Two people side-by-side at a table, one is the participant making the decision, the other helping]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Supported decision-making means:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Someone helps you UNDERSTAND your options\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Someone helps you WEIGH the choices\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Someone helps you TELL others your decision\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  YOU still decide \u8212? they just help\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Who can be your support?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Diverse group: family member, friend, advocate, support worker \u8212? circle of supporters]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Anyone you trust:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Family\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Friends\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your support worker\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  An independent advocate\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your doctor\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your support coordinator\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How DYAR makes it easier\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Information packet with Easy Read documents next to a clock \u8212? meaning take your time]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use simple words\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Show you pictures\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Give you Easy Read papers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Give you TIME \u8212? never rush you\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use an interpreter if needed\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Repeat anything you ask\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Include your supporter in meetings\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Big decisions DYAR might help with\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Four icons: house (where to live), heart-pulse (health), bag (work/school), people (relationships)]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Examples:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Where to live\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Big health decisions\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Money decisions\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Choosing services or workers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Education or work\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Anything important to you\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If you have a nominee or guardian\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Two people holding a paper that says 'Decision Authority' \u8212? supportive nominee]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Sometimes a nominee or guardian helps with formal decisions.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Always include YOU first\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Talk to your nominee with your permission\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Never make a decision without you knowing\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Even with support, the decision is still YOURS. Always.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}