{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in hot pink to magenta matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 8\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 8. Risk Management and Dignity of Risk\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i We will help you try new things safely. We respect your right to take reasonable risks to live the life you want.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Living a full life means taking some risks\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person on a swing reaching forward \u8212? full of joy, supported]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Trying new things has some risk.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 That's a normal part of life.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You have the RIGHT to take reasonable risks.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This is called 'Dignity of Risk'.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is dignity of risk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person climbing stairs with a support worker walking nearby \u8212? supported, not held back]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Dignity of risk means:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You can try new things\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You can make mistakes\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You can learn from them\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  DYAR will NOT wrap you in cotton wool\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  We support you, not stop you\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b How DYAR keeps risks safe\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Checklist clipboard + safety helmet + supportive worker \u8212? preparing together]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Before you try something new we will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Talk about what you want to do\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Look at what could go wrong\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Plan how to be safer\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Make sure you have what you need\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Be there to help if you need us\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Examples of dignity of risk\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Four people doing things: catching bus, swimming, working, cooking \u8212? full lives]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR supports you to:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Try catching public transport\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Cook your own meal\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Go to a concert or sports game\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Try a new sport\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Live more independently\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Date or have relationships\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Work or volunteer\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b When risks are TOO big\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Yellow caution triangle next to a friendly conversation \u8212? talking about big risks]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Some risks are too dangerous.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If we are worried, we will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Talk with you honestly\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Explain why we are worried\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Suggest a safer way to do it\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Include your family or advocate\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 But the FINAL decision is still yours \u8212? unless the law says otherwise.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Your safety net\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Safety net with a person on it \u8212? they took a leap, they're okay]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If something goes wrong we will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Help you immediately\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Not say 'I told you so'\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Talk about what to do next time\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Try again, smarter\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b A life without ANY risk is not a full life. DYAR helps you live a FULL life.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}