{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in sky blue to deep blue matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 9\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 9. Cultural Safety and Inclusion\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i We provide a safe and welcoming space for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, and people from all cultural backgrounds.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b DYAR welcomes you\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Wide circle of diverse people from many cultures, smiling \u8212? welcome arms open]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR is a SAFE space for everyone.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 No matter your background.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 No matter your colour, language, or faith.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Aboriginal + Torres Strait Islander people\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Aboriginal flag colours (black, red, yellow) with Whadjuk Country acknowledgement and an Elder respected by all]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR works on Whadjuk Country.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We acknowledge the Traditional Custodians.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We pay our respects to Elders past, present, and emerging.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b What this means for you\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Listen and learn from First Peoples\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Connect you with Aboriginal-led advocacy and supports\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Respect Sorry Business + cultural obligations\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Follow our DYAR Practice Guide \u8212? Working with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Participants\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Have First Peoples Disability Network on speed dial: 1800 88 7766\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b People from CaLD backgrounds\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Globe surrounded by people from different countries, all smiling, with speech bubbles in different scripts]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 CaLD means Culturally and Linguistically Diverse.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR speaks Persian/Farsi \u8212? Mehdi is a NAATI-trained interpreter.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We also arrange interpreters in any other language \u8212? for free.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b We will\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Match you with workers who understand your culture (where possible)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Respect dietary requirements (Halal, Kosher, etc.)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Respect prayer times and religious days\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Use the name + pronouns you prefer\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Never assume \u8212? always ask\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Connect you with Ethnic Disability Advocacy Centre (EDAC): (08) 9388 7455\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b LGBTIQA+ people\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Rainbow flag held by people standing together proudly \u8212? safe space]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR is LGBTIQA+ safe.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Your gender + sexuality + relationships are respected.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We use the words YOU use about yourself.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b People with religious or spiritual practices\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Hands in prayer position next to a calendar with religious days marked]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR respects:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Daily prayer times\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Friday Jumu'ah / Sunday church / Sabbath\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Ramadan and other fasting periods\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Religious holidays and pilgrimages\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Spiritual practices (meditation, ceremonies, etc.)\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If something is NOT culturally safe\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Speech bubble next to a hand raised in gentle protest \u8212? speaking up safely]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell us straight away.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Listen without judging\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Apologise if we got it wrong\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Fix the problem\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Learn so it doesn't happen again\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Cultural safety is your right. Not a bonus. Tell us when we fall short.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}