{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in warm yellow to amber matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 10\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 10. Transparent Feedback and Complaints\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i If you are unhappy, please tell us. We welcome your feedback and complaints so we can fix the problem and do better.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b DYAR wants your feedback\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person speaking into a megaphone with a friendly speech bubble \u8212? encouraging feedback]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell us when things are GOOD.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell us when things are NOT good.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell us what could be BETTER.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Every voice helps us improve.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b You will NOT get in trouble\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Shield with a heart inside \u8212? protection for those who speak up]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you complain:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your supports will NOT stop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your workers will NOT be cross\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  You will NOT be punished\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your privacy will be respected\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b 4 ways to give feedback or complain\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Four icons: phone, envelope (email), pen + paper, person-to-person speech bubble]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 1. Phone\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Phone icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 2. Email\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Envelope icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email hello@dyar.com.au.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 3. Form\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Form icon with pen]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Fill in our feedback form on dyar.com.au.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 4. Tell your worker\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Two people sitting together, one talking, one listening kindly]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell your support worker. They will pass it on.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b You can be anonymous\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Mask icon \u8212? meaning private, no name needed]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You do NOT need to give your name.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Use our Anonymous Complaint Form.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Download from dyar.com.au/feedback.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Ask someone to help\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Three people holding hands \u8212? participant + family + advocate]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can ask:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Family or friends\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  An advocate (see our Advocacy Flyer)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Your support worker\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Anyone you trust\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What DYAR does next\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Numbered steps with footprints \u8212? 1, 2, 3, 4 clear pathway]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 1. We say thank you within 2 days.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 2. We look into your feedback.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3. We tell you what we will do.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 4. We do it.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 5. We follow up with you.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If you are not happy with our response\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Path leading to a bigger building \u8212? meaning escalation]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Contact:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  NDIS Quality and Safeguards Commission: 1800 035 544\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Office of Australian Information Commissioner (privacy): 1300 363 992\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  An independent advocate (see our Advocacy Flyer)\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b We mean it. Tell us. We promise to listen.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}