{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in bold red to deep red matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 11\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 11. NDIS Code of Conduct\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i All our workers must follow the NDIS Code of Conduct. This means acting with respect, providing safe supports, and never exploiting or harming you.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is the NDIS Code of Conduct?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Book with NDIS logo and shield \u8212? rule book that protects you]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 It's a set of rules.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Every worker in the NDIS must follow these rules.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR workers must follow them too.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b The 7 NDIS Code rules\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Seven numbered icons in a row \u8212? each one is a rule]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 1. Respect your rights\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Hand on heart \u8212? respect]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Treat you as a full person. Listen to you. Respect your choices.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 2. Respect your privacy\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Padlock]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Keep your information safe. Don't share without permission.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 3. Provide quality supports\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Five-star rating]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Workers must do their job well. Be trained. Be safe.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 4. Act with integrity, honesty and transparency\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Magnifying glass over a heart \u8212? honest, transparent]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Tell the truth. Don't trick you. Don't hide things.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 5. Promptly raise + respond to concerns\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Speech bubble with an exclamation \u8212? speaking up quickly]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If something is wrong \u8212? say so. Fix it fast.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 6. Take action to prevent + respond to violence + abuse\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Shield with cross \u8212? protecting against harm]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Workers MUST stop and report violence + abuse + neglect.\par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b 7. Take action to prevent + respond to sexual misconduct\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Hand stopping unwanted contact \u8212? protecting your body]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 No sexual contact between worker and participant. Workers report any concerns.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What this means for you\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Participant with a checklist \u8212? knowing your rights]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You can expect every DYAR worker to:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Treat you with respect\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Be on time\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Do what they say they will do\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Tell you the truth\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Keep your information private\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Speak up if they see something wrong\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b If a worker breaks the Code\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Worker walking away from a building \u8212? meaning they're removed]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Take you seriously\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Investigate\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Remove the worker if needed\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Report to the NDIS Commission\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Make sure you are safe\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Code of Conduct is YOUR shield. Tell us if any worker breaks it.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}