{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}\viewkind4\uc1\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\f0\fs28 \pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [HEADER-IMAGE: DYAR Rights & Responsibilities header \u8212? gradient band in bright orange to deep orange matching website card colour]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs22 \b CM1 PRINCIPLE 12\b0\par
\pard\sa280\fs44 \b 12. Reportable Incidents\b0\par
\pard\sa240\fs32 \i If something serious or dangerous happens, we must report it to the NDIS Commission to keep you safe and investigate properly.\i0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, friendly style]\i0\par
\pard\sa80\fs30 \b Please note\b0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 This information might discuss sensitive topics.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 If you feel upset or uncomfortable, please tell us.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 We will help you understand this information in a different way.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Or we will provide support.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What is a reportable incident?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Red warning triangle with exclamation mark, paired with a clipboard and phone]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 A reportable incident is something serious that happens.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR MUST tell the NDIS Commission within 24 hours.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What counts as serious?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Five icons in a row: hospital cross, hands raised in warning, broken chain, lock with cross, speech bubble silenced]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Examples:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Death of a participant\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Serious injury\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Abuse or neglect\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Sexual misconduct\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Using a restrictive practice without permission\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b Why this matters\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Magnifying glass + heart shield \u8212? investigation that keeps people safe]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Reporting:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Keeps you safe\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Helps the NDIS Commission watch over all providers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Stops the same thing happening to someone else\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Makes services better\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What DYAR will do if something happens\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Step-by-step pathway with caring footprints \u8212? clear action plan]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 1. Make sure you are safe.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 2. Get medical help if needed.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 3. Tell you (or your family / advocate) within 24 hours.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 4. Tell the NDIS Commission within 24 hours.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 5. Write down what happened.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 6. Investigate (find out what went wrong).\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 7. Make changes so it doesn't happen again.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 8. Tell you what we did.\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b You will be supported\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Caring person holding the participant's hand \u8212? supportive throughout]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 DYAR will:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Stay with you\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Offer counselling if you want\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Connect you with an advocate\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Listen to what you need\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Respect your wishes\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Keep your privacy\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b You can also tell the NDIS Commission directly\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Phone with NDIS Commission logo]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 You don't have to wait for DYAR.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call: 1800 035 544\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: ndiscommission.gov.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: contactcentre@ndiscommission.gov.au\par
\pard\sa240\fs36 \b What about restrictive practices?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [IMAGE: Person and door with a lock \u8212? restrictive practice icon]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Restrictive practices are special supports that limit what you can do.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Examples: locked medication cabinet, certain doors locked, behaviour support agreements.\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 They MUST be:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Authorised by an NDIS Behaviour Support Practitioner\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Agreed by you (or your nominee)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Written in your Behaviour Support Plan\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Reported every month to the NDIS Commission\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa100\fs28 \bullet  Always working to be REDUCED over time\par
\pard\sa240\fs30\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \b Reportable Incidents are about keeping you SAFE. Always.\b0 \par
\pard\sa240\fs22\qc \line ___________________________________________ \par
\pard\sa200\fs30 \b Want to talk?\b0\par
\pard\sa180\fs22\qc \i [ICON: DYAR logo (stylised D) + phone + email icons]\i0\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Call Mehdi: 0470 540 306\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Email: hello@dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs28 Website: dyar.com.au\par
\pard\sa200\fs22 \i DYAR Pty Ltd \u183? An NDIS Service Provider on Whadjuk Country \u183? Easy Read \u183? V1 19 May 2026\i0\par
}